---
title: "The 2025"
description: "Reflections and Thoughts on the year 2025"
author: "Siva"
date: 2025-12-06
tags: ["Personal"]
canonical_url: "https://bysiva.vercel.app/blog/the-2025"
---

# Recap: The 2025
As you all know, it is almost the end of the year 2025. And everyone would have started waiting eagerly to see what things that the next year holds for you to experience, so am I. And while my brain thinking of it, in the background a voice whispered _"Do you want the recap of 2025?"_.   

## The Recap
So I grabbed my phone, pull up the **"Photos"** app, then to realise that my 2025 consists of only 4 months **"January, February (Varkala Trip), May (Hyd Trip) and August (Mysuru & Chikmagalur Trip)"**, atleast that what the photos app told 🤷🏻‍♂️. And then checked for the movies I watched this year in the theatre, **_spoiler alert: Don't laugh_**, turned out I watched only two movies (Sankranti Ki Vasthunam & HIT 3), means not even a single movie in second half of the year. But that didn't means there is no entertainment this year, there comes the Cricket ❤️ to the rescue, watched every ball of the Tendulkar-Anderson Trophy (India-England Test Series) which one hell (I meant in a good way) of the series to watch and then there is Champions Trophy, Asia Cup especially that "The Final: India v/s Pakistan", but not the IPL.   

So that is on the personal side, now lets flip the coin: The Professional Side. Not like personal, I would say professional side gave much growth and development.   

## Major
One of the major thing happened during this year is, I would say **quitting Social Media**. Yes, thats right, it's been two months that all my social media profiles are **DELETED**, not the Linkedin, Why not Linkedin? I guess it is self explanatory 😉. Yes, I am missing posting the stories which I capture, thinking there were good 😅. But that decision did helped me coming out of FOMO.   
**_Disclaimer_**: In future, if anyone cracks a trending Meme/Joke from social media, I might not catch that 😭.

## Final Thoughts
Hoping for better 2026!!